At the start, we get a machine with a `passcode` binary and `passcode.c` which is the C code that creates the binary.
While playing with the binary, weird stuff happens, entering the name works just fine, but entering integers in the for <u>passcode1</u> crashes the program
When compiling the code we get an error at the `scanf` function, which an int was provided to int and not int*, which is a clue to the solution.
From this we can infer, that the program crashes because there is a random garbage value in the integer passcode1, trying to write numbers to it writes them to this random address, which makes the os crash the program because of invalid write to memory.  
<u>If I can write data to the Integer at the start, I can write to *Any memory position I want*</u> 
The `Welcome` function is an immediate suspect, I can try to overflow its buffer to write to this integer.
## Stack Of Welcome

| Address     | Value               |
| ----------- | ------------------- |
| (-112)-(12) | Name Buffer         |
| (-12)-(-8)  | Stack Protection    |
| 0-4         | Saved EBP from Main |
| 4-8         | EIP                 |

## Stack of Login

| Address     | Value              |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| (-16)-(-12) | passcode1          |
| (-12)-(-8)  | passcode2          |
| 0-4         | Save EBP from Main |
| 4-8         | EIP                |
# Analysis
From the stack tracing we can infer that that <u>Last 4 bytes of the Name buffer (-16)-(-12) are exactly on passcode1 (-16)-(-12)</u>  so if we write there a meaning full address, we can write there <u>whatever we want</u>
Because we want to jump to the system function call, we can change the jump address of other function to the address of the system function, because every call is actually also a jmp to a address in the Global Offset table, which is a section in the data segment that saves all of the function addersses.
If we take the function right after `scanf` which is `fflush` we can see that it's address is saved on the GOT on address 0x0804A004. 
We want to swap it with the flag printing instruction 
```C
system("/bin/cat");
```
Which is on address 0x080485EA
So we want to input 
```
python -c "print '\x01'*96 + '\x04\xa0\x04\x08' + '\xea\x85\x04\x08'" | ./passcode
```

This will not work because the `scanf` is formatted with %d, which expects decimal number. Turning the address into decimal gets us this ->

```
python -c "print '\x01'*96 + '\x04\xa0\x04\x08' + '134514147'" | ./passcode
```

Which will print the flag!
